Update exposures.md (#932)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/building-a-dbt-project/exposures.md

- **depends_on**: list of refable nodes (`ref` + `source`)

_Optional:_

> - **url**:  enables the link to "View this exposure" in the documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **url**:  enables the link to **View this exposure** in the dbt documentation site
```

> - **url**: will enable the link to "View this exposure" in the documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **url**:  enables the link to "View this exposure" in the documentation
```

> - **url**:  enables the link to **View this exposure** in the dbt documentation site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **url**:  enables the link to **View this exposure** in the upper right corner of the generated documentation site
```
